<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="t71db5b" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title class="- topic/title ">To create a Generate Document step</title>
  <body>
    <ol>
      <li>Navigate to the definition where you will place this step.</li>
      <li>In the Steps section of the screen, click the <b>New Step </b>button.</li>
      <li>
        Complete the fields below:
        <ul>
          <li>Step Name: Enter a name for the step.</li>
          <li>Step Type: Select <b>Generate Document</b>.</li>
          <li>
            Parent Step: Use Lookup to define the parent step, which must be completed before the Generate Document step can start.
            <ul>
              <li>Leave the field blank if the Generate Document step must be initiated as soon as the process starts.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Parent Stage: If a parent step is part of a parent stage, all steps in the stage must complete before the Generate Document step is created.</li>
          <li>Stage: Use Lookup to select the stage to associate with the Generate Document step, if applicable.</li>
          <li>
            Application: Select
            <b>Composer</b>
            or
            <b>Collaborate</b>
            to identify the source application for the document template:Composer: Select
            <b>Template</b>
            ,
            <b>Solution</b>
            , or
            <b>Custom Button </b>
            and then make a selection from the available options. See details on this option below. Collaborate: In the field, Create New Document is automatically selected as the action.
            <ul>
              <li>Define the options for the generated document:Output to PDF (only applicable to Composer): Select this option to generate the document as a PDF file.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Click Save.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</topic>